## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
While it would require some more work, the basic layout could be used to connect scholars with recent works in their field from across the world to help foster global engagement. Instead of people and events, you could put recent works, both books and journal articles, as the output. This could be a tool to connect scholars with international research relevant to them that they might otherwise miss. Some barriers that would have to be addressed are topic, location and language. It’s not helpful if historians are seeing new and innovative research on a field that they have no expertise or interest in. It’s also not useful if historians see research in a language they cannot speak or research that they have already seen because it was published at the same institution they work at. Those problems could be narrowed down by some introductory filters that sort the research to maximise the efficacy of the results.   
 
## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
In this case, the professor is asking the participants to submit information about themselves to a roster that is publically accessible. The professor has the responsibility to ensure that they are not asking for information that could expose the participants to any risk. Additionally, the professor has the responsibility to ensure that their promises regarding the student’s information is respected. Those promises include not only that the information will be taken down at the end of the year, but also that any information the students chose to mark as private will remain private. Related to that, the students have the right to choose what personal information, such as their email or photo, is publicly accessible. Additionally, students should also maintain the right to access and edit their work, along with the right for it not to be copied, duplicated or shared without their consent. 
 
## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
The fields would be topic, location and language. The limitation is a balance between more exact filters that produce more exact results but carry the risk of missing relevant research or even getting no results at all. There’s also a convenience issue, as the program would be head to use you have to fill out 15 forms before you can use it. However, if you go to far in the other direction and insufficiently sort, the program could return far too many matches, including plenty of irrelevant and unhelpful results, which would make the program very inconvenient.The compromise is in the middle, with topic, language and location, but even that is not fool proof and could result in the same problems. There’s also a human error limitation with the possibility of research being missorted. The final limitation is the issue it poses for interdisciplinary research as sorting issues could result in that work becoming very difficult to find.  
